[Music]
hey what's going on everybody supports
12:3 here bringing you another cool
Transformers goodie this one is the
reissue prime this is the Pepsi Prime
that's right there is another version of
this guy it's the Pepsi twist that's
like that the Carra version has the
longer smokestacks and everything and
this is like the Hasbro one so they got
as you can see the shorter smokestacks
and everything and it's a gimmicky type
but it's still cool it's still a prime
yep this can actually this is the
cardboard cutout unfortunately I don't
have our heal bottle soda to put it in
or do I really want to so they give you
this cardboard cutout that comes with it
makes it kind of look like a bottle
which is pretty frickin cool if you ask
me but
yeah it's you can take that out it's
good for display after I'm done
reviewing this guy's gonna go right back
in the shelf in the box but yeah and you
can actually hold three cans of soda in
each spot here let's go ahead and we'll
take Optimus all the way here almost to
this trailer right there see where you
can it shows you we can old I don't know
what's up the little circles maybe for
smaller sodas or something on that but
yeah it's like spring action right
there's like when you put the bottle in
there it'll hold it in place I guess
but there's the underside looks pretty
much just like the g1 and you can also
like here's his rifle his rifle you can
store it right here keep that right in
there and you can hide that there and
then right here you can peg in the fists
and store them there if you so choose so
yeah I really just a plain four
different looking
kind of trailer the tires are all still
rubber and they do be desert dog on
their thing so yeah it's pretty cool
it's definitely definitely different but
let's take a look at Optimus here so
there is with the the Pepsi logo there
and nice chrome smokestacks
I like the red white and blue I don't
like the blue so dark that those look
nice but they could have definitely one
a little bit lighter for my taste anyway
and there you can see Pepsi right there
on the chromed out bumper the grille see
that very nice definitely a nice repaint
of Optimus and then there's the Pepsi
swirls on the back yep definitely did a
good job with this guy as far as
repainting them this guy's been out for
a number of years I'm not sure came out
early mm maybe 2002 2003 something like
that I'm not sure but yeah it's it's
it's just a almost an exact duplicate of
g1 prime or you can store his fists in
there and everything but just repainted
and then here is there's here is the
reissue from the
earlier dates now you can see the Pepsi
Prime everything's painted all the white
and the blue and everything's painted on
whereas the reissue the Hasbro reissue
is stickers here and excuse me and here
on the legs it's all stickers here and
it's painted on here too as well and
then you can see right here it's silver
as opposed to just nothing
and again stickers on the feet painted
here same rubber tires everything else
let's go ahead and transform you get a
closer look at this guy
feet up if you don't know how to
transform Optimus Prime well then you
should probably be collecting something
else and we'll go ahead and put the
fists that came with them them on
that in there okay move the camera up a
little bit
so here's Pepsi Prime and we'll
transform his Hasbro reissue this was
like the 25th anniversary g1 reissue
came with the comic and the little voice
box thing plug the fist in here I'm
gonna plug the fists in here and there
we go so let's take a look and see kind
of differences there are well right off
the bat you can see there's no there's
no paint apps on Pepsi Prime's arms or
you've got the stickers here and of
course there's nothing here on the grill
the bumper and it's got the two Autobot
symbols on his shoulders and this guy's
got the Pepsi symbol and he is a bit
darker that's the Pepsi Prime's red is
bit darker the plastic is a bit darker
and just everything is just a little bit
darker I'm not sure why it's like that
but still doesn't it doesn't change
anything
my camera's gonna pick that up or not
but yeah Pepsi Prime is definitely much
more dark and they are not taking and
look at the different rifles solid
here's the Pepsi Prime rifle and then
here's the retainer reissue from the
really uh regular reissue of Prime now
there's all kinds of differences there
from the handle to the stock and then
the you know the barrel you can see all
the differences yeah so they definitely
changed up a few things just to make him
his own make him his own
give him his own identity I suppose so
let's get him out of here and plug this
in and they made that the holes on the
fists a little bit more open - yeah they
definitely kind of did something with
the forearms there and we're used to
seeing some some pain or stickers or
something there so definitely could did
something there but overall it's a great
figure
I mean you can't go wrong with good old
g1 Optimus so there is Pepsi Optimus
Prime a little darker a little more I
don't a little more detailed but there
is thanks everybody for stopping by and
checking it out I hope you enjoyed this
a little bit of a review on Pepsi Prime
and stay tuned I will be bringing you
some more optimises and some more
transformer goodies in the near future
take it easy everyone